Tutorial: create first kata (#224)
codewars/docs: content/authoring/translation/index.md

---
sidebar: authoring
prev: /authoring/kata/
next: /authoring/guidelines/
---

# Translations

_TBD: improve this stub_

> New translators can use [tutorial(TODO)](/authoring/translation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New translators may refer to the [tutorial(TODO)](/authoring/translation/).
```

> Some [languages](/languages/) also have a page dedicated to creating a kata, with code examples and best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some [languages](/languages/) also have a page dedicated to authoring kata, with code examples and best practices.
```
